docs: add section about computed url for data fetching (#23605)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/1.getting-started/6.data-fetching.md

})
```

Note that **watching a reactive element won't change the URL fetched**. For example, this will keep fetching the same initial ID of the user because the URL is constructed at the moment the function is invoked, even if parameters or a query is passed as an option.

```ts
const id = ref(1)

const { data, error, refresh } = await useFetch(`/api/users/:user_id`, {
  params: {

>     user_id: id.value

Reviewer: this should also work if passing `{ user_id: id }` - we automatically un-ref and make the params reactive if you do this...

Author: Does it work with query params also? Last time I checked, query items didn't work.

```ts
const { data, error, refresh } = await useFetch('/api/user/:user_id', {
  user_id: id // Thismay work
  query: {
    with: ['avatar', 'bio'] // No way in hell.
  }
})
```

})
```

> Note that **watching a reactive element won't change the URL fetched**. For example, this will keep fetching the same initial ID of the user because the URL is constructed at the moment the function is invoked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that **watching a reactive value won't change the URL fetched**. For example, this will keep fetching the same initial ID of the user because the URL is constructed at the moment the function is invoked.
```

```ts
const id = ref(1)

> const { data, error, refresh } = await useFetch(`/api/users/${id.value}`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const { data, error, refresh } = await useFetch(`/api/users/${id.value}`, {
  watch: [id]
})
```

```

> If you need to change the URL based on reactive elements, you may want to use a [reactive URL](#reactive-url) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to change the URL based on a reactive value, you may want to use a [computed URL](#computed-url) instead.
```

> #### Reactive URL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Computed URL
```

Sometimes you may need to compute an URL from reactive elements, and refresh the data each time these change. Instead of juggling your way around, you can attach each param as a reactive element. Nuxt will automatically use the reactive value and re-fetch each time it changes.

```ts
const id = ref(null)

const { data, pending } = useLazyFetch('/api/user', {
  query: {
    user_id: id
  }
})
```

In the case of more complex URL construction, you may use a callback as a [computed getter](https://vuejs.org/guide/essentials/computed.html) that returns the URL string.

> Every time a dependency changes, the data will be fetched using  the newly constructed URL. Combine this with [not-immediate](#not-immediate), and you can wait until the reactive element changes before fetching.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every time a dependency changes, the data will be fetched using the newly constructed URL. Combine this with [not-immediate](#not-immediate), and you can wait until the reactive element changes before fetching.
```

```vue
<script setup lang="ts">
const id = ref(null)

> const { data, pending, status } = useLazyRefresh(() => {
>   return `/api/users?id=${id.value}`
> }, {
>   immediate: false
> })

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const { data, pending, status } = useLazyFetch(() => `/api/users/${id.value}`, {
  immediate: false
})
```

</script>

<template>
  <div>
    <!-- disable the input while fetching -->
    <input v-model="id" type="number" :disabled="pending"/>

    <div v-if="status === 'idle'">
      Type an user ID
    </div>
    
    <div v-else-if="pending">
      Loading ...
    </div>

    <div v-else>
      {{ data }}
    </div>
  </div>
</template>
```

> If a dependency is not correctly tracked, you can still add [watchable elements](#watch) to force a refresh.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to force a refresh when other reactive values change, you can also [watch other values](#watch).
```

})
```

> Note that **watching a reactive element won't change the URL fetched**. For example, this will keep fetching the same initial ID of the user because the URL is constructed at the moment the function is invoked, even if parameters or a query is passed as an option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that **watching a reactive element won't change the URL fetched**. For example, this will keep fetching the same initial ID of the user because the URL is constructed at the moment the function is invoked.
```

```ts
const id = ref(1)

> const { data, error, refresh } = await useFetch(`/api/users/:user_id`, {
>   params: {
>     user_id: id.value
>   },
>   watch: [id]
> })

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const { data, error, refresh } = await useFetch(`/api/users/${id.value}`)
```

```

> If you need to change the URL based on reactive elements, you may use a [reactive URL](#reactive-url) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to change the URL based on reactive elements, you may want to use a [reactive URL](#reactive-url) instead.
```

#### Reactive URL

Sometimes you may need to compute an URL from reactive elements, and refresh the data each time these change. Instead of juggling your way around, you can attach each param as a reactive element. Nuxt will automatically use the reactive value and re-fetch each time it changes.

```ts
const id = ref(null)

> const { data, pending } = useLazyRefresh('/api/user/:user_id', {
>   user_id: id
> })

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const { data, pending } = useLazyFetch('/api/user', {
  query: {
    user_id: id
  }
})
```

```

> For the case of query parameters, or complex URL construction, you may use callback to use as a [computed getter](https://vuejs.org/guide/essentials/computed.html) that returns the URL string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the case of more complex URL construction, you may use a callback as a [computed getter](https://vuejs.org/guide/essentials/computed.html) that returns the URL string.
```

Every time a dependency changes, the data will be fetched using  the newly constructed URL. Combine this with [not-immediate](#not-immediate), and you can wait until the reactive element changes before fetching.

```vue
<script setup lang="ts">
const id = ref(null)

const { data, pending, status } = useLazyRefresh(() => {
  return `/api/users?id=${id.value}`
}, {

>   immedidate: false

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  immediate: false
```

> })

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const { data, pending, status } = useLazyFetch(() => `/api/users/${id.value}`, {
  immediate: false
})
```

Author: The hell, GitHub says the comment is outdated.
